Project Proposal:

	I plan to use Panda3D in order to create a game in which users can randomly generate a landscape and edit that landscape by adding in additional objects. Then the user can add poles to show where a race track might be. The user can then drive around the landscape and see how fast they are able to drive through their course. 
	I will accomplish this by creating classes in order to create eggs for panda3D that will represent the terrain that the car can drive on. Each class will be able to handle a different type of egg(ex: tree, mountain, car). The eggs help with handling collision with other objects so I can use panda3D's functionality for handling collisions for making car not go through other objects. 
        In order to create the randomly generated landscape I will start by placing mountains that are relatively flat in the center and then create mountains that intersect the interior mountains, creating layers of mountains expanding outwards until the mountains occupy a certain radius. Then I may randomly put trees or other objects at random points in the horizontal plane, with heights at where the highest mountain is.  
	For allowing users to edit the landscape, I will allow them to click on the landscape in an edit mode when they are not driving a car, and then be able to add an object to that area where they clicked. The user will select the object that they want to place using on screen buttons on the side of the map. The user will also have various buttons to modify the objects once they have been created. 
	From the feedback I got from other people, I will also try to incorporate a 2 dimensional way of edditing the map by giving the user a birds eye view with different colors representing the different contours. then they user can just click on the area that they want to add an object and they will get the object added there. 

# also if the code for main.py does not run, that is because I did not include the egg file made by mountainMaker.py so that the file would be smaller. All you need to do is run mountainMaker.py in the same folder as main.py and everything should run fine. 